Adds notes to Connector clients and Connectors page (#215)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/action-connectors.asciidoc

// :description: Configure connections to third party systems for use in cases and rules.
// :keywords: serverless

[NOTE]
====

> This page is about Kibana connectors that integrate with services like generative AI model providers. If you're looking for Search connectors that synchronize third-party data into {es}, see <<elasticsearch-ingest-data-through-integrations-connector-client,Connector clients>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is about Kibana connectors that integrate with services like generative AI model providers. If you're looking for Search connectors that synchronize third-party data into {es}, refer to <<elasticsearch-ingest-data-through-integrations-connector-client,Connector clients>>.
```
